feat: new `prefer-query-by-disappearance` rule (#402)
testing-library/eslint-plugin-testing-library: docs/rules/prefer-query-by-disappearance.md

# Suggest using `queryBy*` queries when waiting for disappearance (`testing-library/prefer-query-by-disappearance`)

## Rule Details

This rule enforces using `queryBy*` queries when waiting for disappearance with `waitForElementToBeRemoved`.

> Using `queryBy*` queries in a `waitForElementToBeRemoved` yield more descriptive error messages and helps achieving more consistency in a codebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `queryBy*` queries in a `waitForElementToBeRemoved` yields more descriptive error messages and helps to achieve more consistency in a codebase.
```

minor spelling fixes (I'm not an English native speaker though, but Grammarly is marking these as errors 😅 )

```js
// TestingLibraryElementError: Unable to find an element by: [data-testid="loader"]
await waitForElementToBeRemoved(screen.getByTestId('loader'));

// The element(s) given to waitForElementToBeRemoved are already removed.
// waitForElementToBeRemoved requires that the element(s) exist(s) before waiting for removal.

> await waitForElementToBeRemoved(screen.queryByTestId('loader'));

Reviewer: I thought `waitForElementToBeRemoved` only accepted callbacks, TIL!
